how are they and I hope they are very very
well in this event I find myself very very
excited because we're going to record the
club unboxing
If you do not know what is placed to whom
You must have agreed where I already had you
talked about this so we hope
we start
the gray color is a device in the
which you can play through reality
virtual what does this mean that you
you feel inside the game and when you put yourself
these virtual lenses to wherever you
you multis are inside him if as well as
the anime knows where it gets in a
very similar device but it is a
kind of helmet and you enter a game in
which are trapped but in this
you are not going to be trapped or if
well let's start to open it
this is the box usually the
little boxes are a little
difficult to talk to us about April
it was the ship
let's play music
well that's the little box where it comes
I am very excited to see you already
you saw it first before me
cool
wow good as everything has if your
little bit so that in the
way my journey and all that do not know not
hit, let's see
I think this is the little camera which is
detecting your movements in which part
and that you're watching the game so that
can follow it the lens has also
a cable that is connected to the
clubs rif and the camera in the camera and
towards the light these lenses are if your
view is not very good you can adapt
so that you see correctly as I
they thought of me here we have others more
a lot we put here next and well already
appeared safe salt
now our close
curd is super great
see it
it's like a kind of glasses eyeglasses
of goals I do not know how they want to call
here brings
bring a cablecito a eliminator for a
current flowing towards light
on this side is where they go for your head
here your eyes go where the lenses are
the changes of the rhythms you can remove
in case you need them you have some
video game developer and you need
cables here you can exit and in this part
is the button to turn on what is
very important because then what
we connect and we see that that works
night and it really is not on
and our planet to clear it clear
this goes
to clean the lenses these and those that
they are inside not here that this is not
it's useless here you can connect the
little camera and towards the light
and these are to connect them in the
computer
and as all 80 tried the
instructions how to use it but of course
this
it's okay that we'll read
but first let's see what it brings here
has the device of the current to
the light
and here are more connectors for
to be able to assemble our entire package
demonstrate here we have things to see
are the other little cables here come
here they come to assemble and connect them
Now let's see which lenses are
those that remain for us to be able
play super good
and good
Well now I'm going to connect it to
put us to play so
many times that my friend Luis
Emilio Estevez size and the bard for
make this a box possible and not really
many, many thanks, he is a
great artist and is the illustrator
main pay bulb or a large
company that has created a super game
great that you can download for this
Here is a link and what is it called
horizontal monster really is
great and the first ones to download the
game and send me a screenshot of
I will be sending you screen
Goodbyes in the next videos too
They are developing a game for the
crazy the rich really have to
be very careful here I leave the
page of this great artist in case
they want to know a little more about him and
also every day I'm going to
leave here below we will be
collaborating on the following videos
together to enter more to this world
develop videogames illustrations
so encourage many thanks for
all your support already know that I want them
much much much much much